.TH termdraw 1 "termdraw"

.SH NAME
termdraw \- an ASCII/Unicode art data visualizer

Termdraw is a command line interface to Python termdraw library.

.SH SYNOPSIS
termdraw [options] file.csv [file2.csv [...]]

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-help
Print help message.

.TP
\-o path, \-\-output=path
Write result to file path instead of stdout. If the file already exists,
termdraw will throw an error.

.TP
\-w X, \-\-width=X
Limit graph width to X characters, not including line breaks.

.TP
\-h Y, \-\-height=Y
Limit graph height to Y lines, not including file names and trailing line
breaks.

.TP
\-n, \-\-no\-interpolation
Disable midpoint graph interpolation.

.TP
\-i, \-\-interpolation
Enable midpoint graph interpolation.

.TP
\-s, \-\-solid
Draw solid graph (with continuous block columns below data points).

.TP
\-p, \-\-point
Draw point graph (without supporting columns).

.TP
\-a, \-\-ascii
Only use characters from ASCII charset.

.TP
\-\-print\-paths
Print file paths on a separate line before printing their graphs.

.TP
\-\-debug
Print debug info.

.SH STANDARD INPUT
termdraw can receive data from standard input instead of a file.
For this, it must be either formatted as a CSV file with newlines, or a list of
x,y points separated by spaces or semicolons.
To instruct termdraw to read from standard input, pass - as a filename.
.PP
For instance:
.nf
.RS
$ echo "0,1 1,2 2,3;3,4" | termdraw - -asi -w 7 -h 4
-

     .|
   .|||
 .|||||
.RE
.fi

.SH X VALUE INFERENCE
If termdraw receives singular values as opposed to (X,Y) pairs, it will infer
that X values are evenly spread out, preserving initial order of Y values.

.SH SOURCE
Source code can be obtained at https://github.com/bacondropped/termdraw.git

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR termdraw(3)

.SH AUTHOR
Ilya Terentyev <bacondropped@gmail.com>
